How do you recognize the contributions to a project when it's a team effort?

How do you assign work—and blame?

Do you ever do blameless postmortems? What was the last one? How did it go?

Do you do retrospective meetings for projects? for iterations of work (sprints or whatever lingo they use)? What was the last productive one like? When was that?

How do you resolve merge conflicts between developers?

When design has a concern about how something was implemented, how is that feedback integrated? How long does it take to get change made based on that feedback?

When a design is incomplete, what does the process for getting the uncovered cases filled in? Whose responsibility is that? How often is that done?

Most of my conflict in work comes from product vs design vs engineering conflict. Product pre-compromising, design only handling happy cases, engineering prioritizing 'clean code' over 'good ux'

How are designers recognized for their work? How are product managers / owners recognized for their work? How do project managers get recognized for their work? (Engineers are a more subtle thing for me since I'm on that team— I care more that other teams don't get treated as support staff for engineering. I think that honestly does more for getting women in engineering recognized fairly than focusing on just engineering.)

Ask about product/project split.

Who creates tickets? How far ahead are they planned? Who prioritizes? What's the input to that process?

And anyone who falls back on agile buzzwords on that last one gets a big -1 from me. I want specifics, not how you think Agile is supposed to work. Everyone modifies frameworks for their situation. It's the situation I want to know about not the framework.

What are some feedback cycles that occur in your work and team? (most people answer this poorly because they're not used to the framing, but good answers are a solid +1 from me.)

What measures did the company take to support employees during the pandemic?

When was the last round of layoffs? Why did it happen? 

What is the company’s attrition rate? 

How do you make sure you’re being inclusive and everyone’s voices are heard? 

How do you help/support each other? If someone is stuck or tackling a new project, how do you unblock or guide each other? How do you do knowledge shares? 

How do you identify burnout in your employees? 

How do you go-to-bat for your employees?

Has the company ever made a decision that prioritized its values over revenue?

What is the title of the most senior underrepresented person at the company/on your team?

Which companies does the leadership admire and hope to emulate? Why?

What are the main reasons employees leave this company? 

What is a recent change the company made based on employee feedback?
